README.md, before:

Amarite but I'm braindead and bad at modding</br>
I am not affiliated with the creators of [Amarite]([https://modrinth.com/mod/amarite](https://modrinth.com/mod/amarite)) in any way.

Originally created for ModFest, but I didn't meet the deadline (lol)</br>
[![Made for ModFest: Carnival](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ModFest/art/v2/badge/svg/carnival/cozy.svg)](https://modfest.net/carnival)

## Mod Overview:

### Items:
- Amarong Core : First thing that you'll craft in the mod. Made of 4 copper ingots, 4 amethyst shards, and 1 nether star. Placing it on a beacon make the beacon beam change colors. Use any item in the Rainbow Core Generators tag (by default, contains glow ink sacs) on the amarong core block to change the core's cycling mode. Modes are jeb_, rainbow, and trans.
- Amarong Chunk : Put an amarong core in a stonecutter to obtain 4 amarong chunks. Can be recrafted into an amarong core. Used as ingredients.
- Amarong Sheet : Put an amarong chunk in the crafting table to obtain 2 amarong sheets. Used as ingredients.
- Amarong Verylongsword : Amarite Longsword, but less cool. Does big damage but has very slow attack speed. Biped models hold this with two hands.
- Handheld Duck : Shoots water. Right-click on water to fill up the duck. Right-click anywhere else to shoot.
- Amarong Ticket Dispenser : Uses tickets from the Terrific Tickets mod as ammunition. Flying Tickets have less gravity than usual and will drop themselves upon being discarded. Right-click in inventory with tickets to load.
- Amarong Kaleidoscope : Extension of the spyglass, and the main reason this mod exists. In Random mode, applies a random shader on-use. Put in a crafting table (special recipe) to get a version that only applies one shader. Repeating this recipe multiple times results in cycling through the different shaders.

Comes with EMI integration (for the Kaleidoscope recipes) because I couldn't be bothered to add support for JEI and REI (I'll might get around to it later, who knows?)

Commit message:

Update gradle then leave for another month

README.md, after:

Amarite but I'm braindead and bad at modding</br>
I am not affiliated with the creators of [Amarite]([https://modrinth.com/mod/amarite](https://modrinth.com/mod/amarite)) in any way.

Originally created for ModFest</br>
[![Made for ModFest: Carnival](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ModFest/art/v2/badge/svg/carnival/cozy.svg)](https://modfest.net/carnival)

## Mod Overview:

### Items:
- Amarong Core : First thing that you'll craft in the mod. Made of 4 copper ingots, 4 amethyst shards, and 1 nether star. Placing it on a beacon make the beacon beam change colors. Use any item in the Rainbow Core Generators tag (by default, contains glow ink sacs and light blocks) on the amarong core block to change the core's cycling mode. Modes are jeb_, rainbow, and trans.
- Amarong Chunk : Put an amarong core in a stonecutter to obtain 4 amarong chunks. Can be recrafted into an amarong core. Used as ingredients.
- Amarong Sheet : Put an amarong chunk in the crafting table to obtain 2 amarong sheets. Used as ingredients.
- Amarong Verylongsword : Amarite Longsword, but less cool. Does big damage but has very slow attack speed. Biped models hold this with two hands.
- Handheld Duck : Shoots water. Right-click on water to fill up the duck. Right-click anywhere else to shoot.
- Amarong Ticket Launcher : Uses tickets from the Terrific Tickets mod as ammunition. Flying Tickets have less gravity than usual and will drop themselves upon being discarded. Right-click in inventory with tickets to load.
- Amarong Kaleidoscope : Extension of the spyglass, and the main reason this mod exists. In Random mode, applies a random shader on-use. Put in a crafting table (special recipe) to get a version that only applies one shader. Repeating this recipe multiple times results in cycling through the different shaders.
- Amarong Hammer : Mace, but it's made with an Amarong Core. No crafting recipe. Can be enchanted with all Mace enchantments. When the [Twirling](https://modrinth.com/mod/twirl) enchantment is on this item and it is being used, the Amarong Hammer will hit all entities within two blocks of the user. Damage scales based on the level of Twirling.

Comes with EMI integration (for the Kaleidoscope recipes) because I couldn't be bothered to add support for JEI and REI (I'll might get around to it later, who knows?)

### Enchantments:
- Pnuematic : Ticket Launcher enchantment. Allows the ticket launcher to shoot wind charges when wind charges are in the offhand. Does not consume any tickets.
- Particle Accelerator : Ticket Launcher enchantment. Allows the ticket launcher to shoot throwable potions (splash / lingering) when they are in the offhand. Does not consume any tickets.
- Obscure : Verylongsword enchantment. Using the power of the nether star, the verylongsword bends light around the user such that they can no longer be seen at all.
- Railcannon : Verylongsword enchantment. Allows the verylongsword to shoot a beam of particles on right-click when fully charged. Depletes all charges. Railcannon will fire a warning laser (end rod particles), then fire the actual shot a few seconds later.
- Capacity : Duck enchantment. Allows the duck to store more water.
- Vault : Hammer enchantment. Right-click to get flung into the air. Pretty useless, and usually results in death by fall damage.
